General update on README.md, including some PCI additions (#422)
checkout/frames-ios: README.md

# Integration

We've done our best to support the most common distribution methods on iOS. We are in strong favour of [SPM](#Swift-Package-Manager) (Swift Package Manager) but if for any reason this doesn't work for you, we also support [Cocoapods](#Cocoapods) and [Carthage](#Carthage).

### Swift Package Manager
[Swift Package Manager](https://swift.org/package-manager/) integrated with the Swift build system to automate the process of downloading, compiling, and linking dependencies. It should work out of the box on latest Xcode projects since Xcode 11 and has had a lot of community support, seeing huge adoption over the recent years. This is our preferred distribution method for Frames iOS and is the easiest one to integrate, keep updated and build around.

If you've never used it before, get started with Apple's step by step guide into [adding package dependencies to your app](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/adding-package-dependencies-to-your-app) . Just use this repository's URL (https://github.com/checkout/frames-ios) when adding dependency.

### CocoaPods

> [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) is the traditional dependency manager for Apple projects. We do support it, but find it can behave confusingly when compared to SPM.

Reviewer: rephrase ` We do support it, but find it can behave confusingly when compared to SPM`. ->  `We do support it, However, We recommend using SPM which is a Dependency manager supported by Apple. `

> [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) is the traditional dependency manager for Apple projects. We do support it, but find it can behave confusingly when compared to SPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) is the traditional dependency manager for Apple projects. We do support it, However, We recommend using SPM which is a Dependency manager supported by Apple. 
```

Author: We do support it, but recommend using SPM given it is Apple's preferred dependency manager.

Reviewer 2: updated README with @patrick-hoban-cko 's latest suggestion. cc: @deepesh-vasthimal-cko
